Hey! Welcome back!
You are tired, aren't you?
Well done today!
Do you want to bathe first?
Or do you want to eat something?
Huh?
You want me to clean your ears?
I see I have no other choice
You're like a spoiled child~
Well, come here...
Put your head on my lap
Come on
There we go!
How was today?
You seem more tired than usual
Relax
Hehehe...
What’s up?
Eeh?
Your face is getting red...
How cute...
May we go there?
Ahh!
Your ears are red...
Huh? Are you somewhat...
Shy?
Ah, Sorry! Sorry!
Eh?
Are you really mad at me?
No, I’m sorry, it was just a joke!
Ah! I spoke in a dialect without meaning to...
No, It’s just that...
I was really worried about whether or not I made you mad...
Ah… hey, what do you think of playing a game with me?
And if we play that?
The “I love you” game?
Ehhh?
You don't know it?
In that case... I'll explain the rules to you!
You have to stare each other...
And tell the other person "I love you", right?
And then...
The other person must reply: "Once more"
The one that gets embarrassed, loses the game
Did you understand?
Ok!
Then, I'll start first...
In that case, here I go!
I love you
Ok!
You lose!
Then, as a penalty...
You'll have to...
Tell me 10 things you like about me every morning!
We'll continue...
Next time...
Translated by ロリコ, Mitsukitten, Thatsillogical, Vortex, and Lacrymac